# Changelog

## 0.5.0

### New method for adding credentials

It's possible to add credential via the user add command.
This can be used to add a different user account.

### Using tablewriter for table printing.

The output tables are now generated by the [tablewriter](https://github.com/olekukonko/tablewriter) package.

### Save note to database if save to notestore fails.

If the note saving fails, due to for example a network issue,
clinote will save a copy of the note to the local storage.
The saved note can be recovered by using the `--recover` flag.

### Added a header to the note while editing.

A new note header is now added to the note.
The header currently only holds the note title but more can be
added in the future. Changing the note title in the header will
change the note title.

### Code refactoring

* The note edit logic has been moved to the main library.
* Added unit tests for testing the logic.

## 0.4.1

### Bug fix release

* Added overflow check for cached note list
* Fix bug when moving note to different notebook

## 0.4.0

### BoltDB storage

This release adds support for BoltDB storage.

* Notebook list is cached. The cache is refreshed if it's older than 24 hours or when you force a refresh using the new flag `-s`.
* Searches of notes are cached. See README for use cases.

## 0.3.0

### Improved Markdown support

Switched to a different HTML to Markdown library. Should parse the note content better.

### Code refactoring

Moved all Evernote code into one package.

## 0.2.0

### Raw content support

A notes content can now be viewed and edited in XML form instead
of markdown. Call the command edit, new, or note with the `--raw`
flag to edit, create, or view the note content in XML format.

### Start the browser in the background

The external browser during login is now started in the background.

### Bugfix empty notes returned

The XML decoder was to strict which could cause it to fail and an
empty note content was returned. The new decoder is less strict.

## 0.1.0

Initial release

